Test Your Knowledge 1
What type would you choose for the following “numbers”?
A person’s telephone number
String
A person’s height
float
A person’s age
int
A person’s gender (Male, Female, Prefer Not To Answer)
Enum string
A person’s salary
int
A book’s ISBN
string
A book’s price
decimal
A book’s shipping weight
float
A country’s population
long
The number of stars in the universe
long
The number of employees in each of the small or medium businesses in the
United Kingdom (up to about 50,000 employees per business)
long
2. What are the difference between value type and reference type variables? What is
boxing and unboxing?
Value type creates a copy of the variable when assigned to another variable. Changes made to that variable will not affect the main variable
Reference type creates a reference to the variable when assigned to another variable. Changes made to the variable will occur change in the main variable 
Boxing is the process of converting a value type to a reference type. 
Unboxing is the process of converting a reference type to a value type.

3. What is meant by the terms managed resource and unmanaged resource in .NET
Managed resource are resources that are managed by the .NET framework. 
They are automatically managed by the garbage collector.
Unmanaged resources are resource that are not managed by .Net framework.
Users need to manually manage the resources.

4. Whats the purpose of Garbage Collector in .NET?
Garbage collector is used to automatically manage the memory in .NET. 
It automatically releases the memory that is no longer in use. 
It helps in preventing memory leaks and improves the performance of the application.

Test Your Knowledge 2
1. What happens when you divide an int variable by 0?
DivideByZeroException
2. What happens when you divide a double variable by 0?
Infinity
3. What happens when you overflow an int variable, that is, set it to a value beyond its
range?
Wrapped around to the other end of the range
4. What is the difference between x = y++; and x = ++y;?
x = y++; assigns the value of y to x and then increments y
x = ++y; increments y and then assigns the value of y to x

5. What is the difference between break, continue, and return when used inside a loop
statement?
Break is used to stop the loop and exit
Continue is used to skip current iteration and move to the next iteration
Return exits the loop and exits the code block

6. What are the three parts of a for statement and which of them are required?
Initialization, condition, increment/decrement
All three are required

7. What is the difference between the = and == operators?
= assigns the value to the variable
== checks if the values are equal

8. Does the following statement compile? for ( ; true; ) ;
Yes
9. What does the underscore _ represent in a switch expression?
Default case

10. What interface must an object implement to be enumerated over by using the foreach
statement?
IEnumerable
